Nite Zone

Projectile Highlights
Flight path of object lit up
Aim zone shown on other player's body for melees.
B punch or kick or power attack.
A+B = Flip or highjump.

Migration - All players start in a horizontal line. Go. Timer counts down, starting with 10 minutes. Whoever reaches the most northern point of the map at the end wins. When a player is killed, they are immobile for 10 seconds, and they start at their death spot. (Doesn't have to be north)

Tramp Stamp - Trampoline game with color sequence and pattern goals. Also has a gun that shoots trampolines at people to bounce them away from the trampolines you didn't want them to land on. Also has a gun that shoots inked stamps at people to mark them with colored butterflies.

Chaotic Frenzy - Training Mission with multiple players

10 more points ( Bonus cool points that are based on the timer)
( 10 more is when you unlock the extra decimal point)

Headphones to enter Boxy
Bringing a friend into Boxy just reqires another set of headphonez

Rat Raid - Food Stealing Missions
Calorie Kill
Wreck Road
Crumble City
Demi Demo

Road Blocks - Spinster Racetrack

Error Code Rewards - Analogy Microstories
Forkbomb - fucks their whole system for 1 second if within strike pyramid

Gate Down - Ender's Game Combat
Demi Demo - Setting up for Crumble City
Lou's Tavern - We already know the rules you don't talk about.

Videogame Improv - Give me a profession
Give a location
Give me a situation

Exactly like an improv theater
Mad lib game
Dommies idea

Beer bottle cap as deadly projectile

Reaper run - racing grim

Color Consumption - roll around, collect the colors as a ball and as a car. Squares change the color you collect / surfaces you traverse

Run With Fear - VR chase. Evil team hunting you down in tall office building.

Titty Taps - chatroom keyboard excitement

Chuga Choo annual live Poll - how many times to you say Chuga before Choo Choo?

Pencil Precision - Archery Class - Shot Write

Super Busy Hospital ( from Dimitri Martin ) - you're a surgeon operating on the players from FPS battlefields

Municipal Low Gravity Walk Kicks - Tony Hawk's Parkour

DJ Catz - music battle with fucking with your opponent's audio decks

Tetris Attack Rubix Cube - beating a game flips two tiles or rotates a row

How to Feel Insecure - A tech news channel

Riding Rails - like Sonic Adventure 2
